The three directional
real time sync project.
Okay, so the same global solar company
that I also built the webpage builder.
They had these sources of data that
one of them was Pardot, Salesforce Pardot.
The other one was Talent
LMS, which is a LMS system
for their process of certification
of these installers as they need
training to actually install
the solar panels in the houses.
So they wanted to track
some information about this system.
And then another internal
database that relates to another
tool that we've built for them.
So these two actually,
it is about the process of
registering the projects that they
have done in the houses, or even
sometimes it's commercial as well.
So we had three databases that they
have shared information and they
need to be in sync and sometimes
one of these databases, they
would have new data that need to
be replicated into the other two.
So I've built a jobs mechanism
that runs over Cloud Run jobs.
I think it has 12 or 13 actions that
they execute synchronously and they
perform the updates.
Every update is saved into Firestore
with before and after state snapshots.
So the people from the solar
panel company can enter into
admin system and check actually
what information changed and they can
contact the support if they wanted that
to be reversed or corrected or anything.
It doesn't happen much,
but it's a possibility.
So we audit every aspect of this process.
And one limitation here is that
none of these systems had real time
events, like when data updated,
just call an API.
So I had to implement a system
based on Cloud Scheduler.
So every 15 minutes something runs
in the system and detects which
other workflow needs to run based
on the data that we collected.
And so on.
So there is one running mechanism in the
middle that acts as this real time event
that these other systems they don't have.
So this was the main challenge on
this, but it works really fine.
The costs are really low because the
images are very optimized and they
run really fast for each workflow.